claim your space a dynamic and exciting
place is in the offing
a place geared towards your needs as an
urban young professional a place that is
exhibited and vibrant your personal
space at the heart of unabomb welcome to
Studio City
rising within the progressive filling
best corporate city the leading business
and entertainment hub of the south where
business education leisure and
entertainment and health and wellness
reside Studio City is just a stone's
throw away from the north gate cyber
zone spectrum business district and the
mudguard Business Park
it is a leisurely walk to commercial and
retail establishments such as the West
Gate Center festival super mall and
alabang town center for a perfect way to
end a busy day and easy access to major
thoroughfares via the Skyway Alabama
support the road or the South Station
terminal providing residents and easy
drive or commute in and out of the city
truly a development at the center of it
all
Studio City is a condo community that
offers comfortable studios and exciting
amenities designed for the youthful
spirit Studio City is composed of five
residential towers rising at 18 stories
each a modern living space that is both
functional and practical this is a
combination of space and privacy that
puts your life in perfect sync with a
beat of the metro in sync with your life
this development boasts of features and
amenities that complements your active
lifestyle sweat up a game or two in your
very own basketball court Lay's away
with a dip in the swimming pool have a
few laps with your friend on the jogging
path a fitness gym and aerobics Center
for the health and fitness book a game
room to beef up competition party room
for special occasions and for some quiet
time landscape gardens water features
and open sitting areas will refresh and
rejuvenate your well-being on the ground
floor are a myriad of commercial
establishments that suits your needs
no worries to crap your style studios
city's building features include a range
of facilities for a safe efficient and
comfortable residence free to be you at
Studio City you can create your own
living space feel free to express
yourself and style your unit to reflect
your individual taste and personality
residential studio units start at the
second floor to the 18th floor all
studio units have decorative Vanille
floor tiles and painted finish walls and
ceilings fixtures include modular base
and overhead cabinets as well as
complete bathroom fittings and more
with over four decades of experience in
real estate development in the
Philippines providing Filipinos with a
lifestyle they deserve fill invest
creates another pioneering development
that will set a benchmark in the real
estate industry this is where you can
enjoy the kind of lifestyle you've
always wanted sleek modern active where
you can live a life with ease and
comfort this is where your life exceeds
expectation with the best of everything
you can ask for
at Studio City claim your space